[crickets chirping]
[owl hoots]
[dog barks]
[crickets chirping]
[church bells ringing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[upbeat music playing on radio]
They're so beautiful. Tom.
[grunts] God.
- Oh. no.
- What?
Left out my poem.
Oh. no.
Unbelievable.
I went over the layout with her
three times.
But you know. these things happen.
So. don't… don't be too hard on her.
[inhales deeply]
Yeah. I guess you're right.
Read it again.
[chuckles]
"New England's Best Kept Secret."
- Not for long.
- [chuckles]
"Don't look for a Starbucks here."
Skip ahead
to the part about Martha's Vineyard.
"Widow's Bay
is the next Martha's Vineyard."
That's all it says about that.
- Yeah. I know.
- It's not really a "part."
All right. just keep reading.
Now. this…
this…
this is what
Widow's Bay should taste like.
Really.
Took a while to figure out how to use it.
- [chuckles]
- Well. it-it was worth it.
It's just…
[whispering] …nobody's ordering it.
I put a lot into this. Tom.
- I don't know...
- I-I know. I know.
And-And you're gonna make
your money back and then some.
The tourists are coming this weekend.
and then word-word will spread.
- Lot of opportunity coming your wa…
- [siren wailing]
- [hammer thudding]
- [innkeeper] Wyck. so long buddy.
[Wyck grunting]
[Tom] Bechir. what the hell's going on?
- [Wyck grunting]
- [resident] Hey. Hey!
That's my livelihood. you son of a bitch!
I am not a son of a bitch!
I just got this place ready.
and we're fully booked.
- [Wyck grunts]
- All right. Wyck.
Let-Let's get you some coffee.
No. you can't let people stay here.
Not the inn.
- The inn is not right!
- Oh…
Wyck! Wyck! Wyck. come on!
- [Wyck] I got here first!
- Oh. my God.
- No. No!
- Wyck.
[grunts]
- [resident 2] Be careful!
- [groaning]
- [groans]
- You okay?
All right. Wyck. Let's go sleep it off.
[Wyck] No! No. no. no.
The inn is-is haunted.
And your mayor…
your mayor is a fool.
- Leave him alone. Loftis.
- Yeah. leave him alone.
- He's harmless.
- [muttering] …gonna get us all killed.
Yeah. he doesn't care about us.
He's selfish.
He's a selfish fool!
- Uh. no.
- [Wyck groaning]
All right.
[sighing] Okay. folks. You know what?
I think we're gonna let him
cool down for a little while.
How is he able to roll down the window?
- [screams] He'd never set foot inside…
- 'Cause he's not in cuffs.
- …by himself.
- Of course. I would.
[Wyck] No. you can't trust him.
- [stammers]
- He's only doing it for the money!
Of course. I'm not doing it for the money!
- I'm looking out for all of us.
- 'Cause he's not one of us.
He's a coward!
Fuck you. you dumb hick!
[all muttering]
- [engine starts]
- Oh.
- Oh. I'm a hick. You see what I mean?
- I-I… I didn't… [stammering]
- I obviously didn't…
- You all heard him say it!
- You heard him say what he said!
- [stammering]
- I-I. uh…
- You heard him!
- [crowd murmurs]
- I am not a hick!
Where are we going? I don't wanna go!
He just needs to sleep it off.
Thank-Thank you. everyone.
- [resident 1] Unbelievable.
- [resident 2] Just a circus.
[gentle music playing on speakers]
Hey. Ginny. Just picking up.
- Well. I heard you had quite a day.
- [chuckles]
- You heard?
You know how hard it
was to get that article?
I know. I know.
Not an ounce of gratitude.
- And that fucking guy…
- [smacks lips]
Oh. you know Wyck
has not had the easiest go of it.
So he just gets to do
whatever the hell he wants
and people just love him?
Well. you know
people around here fear change.
- [scoffs]
- And when the Lord gathers a herd.
he calls a shepherd.
[smacks lips] Oh.
- Oh. so you're just phoning it in now.
- [chuckling]
- Oh. right.
- Sure. I guess. James 4:6 though.
Blah. blah. Bible. Bible. you know.
- Right.
- [chuckles]
You wanna come by for a drink?
- Picking up for Evan.
- Okay. next time.
Next time.
- [clears throat]
- Oh. hey. um…
[sighs]
You should probably
keep the doors locked at night.
- Pardon?
- [Tom] The bell.
I mean. let's be honest. it probably
was Evan and I will talk to him.
But we both know that won't do any good.
- The bell… The church bell?
- Yeah.
Woke up Rosemary and Patricia too.
Tom. that's impossible.
Oh. you haven't met my son. [sighs]
You okay?
[smacks lips] Yeah. I'm fine.
Go home to your boy.
Did Kathy bag this?
[Ginny] No. I bagged it.
Oh.
Thank you.
"Dumb hick."
[Tom sighs]
I didn't mean that.
I-I-I really didn't.
And I know you're… [inhales deeply]
…you're all loyal to Wyck. um.
but that doesn't make him right.
We have a new chapter now.
and there is nothing wrong with that inn.
A lot of bad things have gone down there.
Y-Yes. that's-that's true.
But it doesn't make it haunted.
I would never put anyone in danger.
Then why don't you stay there?
Are you gonna pay for my room. Al?
- We'll all chip in.
- [locals] Yeah.
Great. I look forward to it.
Tonight.
Guys. I-I have my son at home.
[locals chuckling.
imitating chicken sounds]
[patron 1] Nice excuse.
Okay. I'll do it.
If that's what it takes.
I will stay there tonight.
You have to stay in the Captain's Suite.
The what?
Lost his mind.
Got his family with an axe.
Of course we then named a suite after him.
- Anything else?
- "The Ungrateful Hortence Fitzgerald."
Was she the lady who fell out of a window?
[Al] Ugly woman who fled her wedding.
Backed through a window
and fell to her death.
If you say "ugly Hortence" three times.
you will see her ungrateful reflection.
You know. I'm gonna ask that
we start questioning these narratives.
There's misogyny in the air.
More than a whiff.
- You-You're not writing these down.
- Oh. sorry.
- Oh. New Years Eve. 1962. disaster.
- [locals] Yeah.
- John Reynold's head in the dumbwaiter.
- [locals] Mmm.
[Al] That clown killer of '51.
Oh. yeah.
This was a guy who killed clowns?
No. it was a murderer
who dressed as a clown!
Oh. sorry.
He should spend time in that crawl space.
- [local 1] Yeah.
- [local 2] Ooh.
Thank you. Rosemary.
All the way to the back too.
Not halfway. pussy.
Not a problem. Anything else?
He's not gonna spend
the whole night there.
[locals chuckle]
Kurt could lock him in.
[locals exclaim]
Okay. I'll do it.
But when I do. all this talk stops. right?
You let it go.
You let tourists stay there in peace.
Agreed?
Yeah. I guess. Yeah. Sure.
All right. Thank you.
[Lonnie clears throat]
Don't do it.
- [eerie music playing]
- [door opens]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[commentator on TV] Excellent.
Bob's at 9 to 7 in the bottom of the 7.
Boston hoping to keep the deficit to 2.
Listen. I. um…
I have to stay at the inn tonight
to make sure everything is
in order for the tourists.
Wait. tour… tourists are actually coming?
Yes. So. um…
you're gonna spend the night at Ruth's.
- [chuckles] No.
- Mm-hmm.
- Fuck no.
- Whoa.
No. Come on. She's so old. Please.
Please. I don't wanna go.
Sorry.
[sighs]
Actually. it's fine.
- Wait. wait. What did you just concoct?
- Huh?
- What? I'm gonna go pack.
- No.
this will not be an excuse
for you to go out…
- Don't eat my sandwich!
- …at all hou…
I'm gonna be calling there
and checking in throughout the night!
[eerie music playing]
This place freaks me out.
Okay. good luck!
[bell rings]
[gentle jazz music playing]
I took down some of
the more provocative ones. like you asked.
This isn't provocative?
[scoffs] What's that?
- They want you to film it.
- Oh…
They say it's the only way
they'll know for sure.
[sighs] Okay.
Well… [smacks lips]
…give me the keys to the Captain's Suite.
There's a honor bar in the parlor.
You sign your name
on the form and say what you drank.
- Got it.
- There's a security camera
so I'll know
if you don't log what you took.
Hmm. That's not really an honor system.
[door creaks]
[Kurt] Marie gave it
a quick turnover today.
There's no AC. but she did put
a fan on the desk for climate control.
There's. uh. two chairs. your-your choice.
Um. Some local. uh. sundries
and linens and soaps in the bathroom.
You don't bring the bags in
for the guests? [chuckles]
Shit. [chuckles]
I'll be reachable at home if you need me.
W-Wait. you don't stay here?
W-What if a guest needs something?
Then they can reach me at home.
Night.
[mysterious music playing]
- [groans]
- [partner] Well.
I don't understand
why we can't just leave end of July.
Thanks. Uh…
Well… [sighs] …we'll be
outta here by Labor Day. [sighs]
Loftis asks for too much.
Listen. I know. I know.
Uh… [smacks lips] …get some sleep.
Love you.
Moving somewhere?
[Bechir] Soon as I can.
Smart.
[sighs]
[inhales deeply]
Welcome to Widow's Bay.
There's so much to see here.
Come with me. I'll show you around.
What?
[Kurt on PA] Fill out the form.
[Tom sighs]
[piano music playing]
Ugly Hortence.
[music continues]
[sighs]
One. two. three. four. five.
[doorknob rattling]
Come the fuck on!
[banging on door]
[music ends]
Not a chance.
[line ringing]
[Ruth] Hello.
Hi. Uh. hi. Ruth. It's Tom.
Just checking in on Evan.
[Ruth] Oh. hi. Tom.
I'll go find him.
Great. Thank you.
Evan?
- Evan. your daddy's on the phone.
- [sighs]
Evan. it's your daddy.
Oh. I didn't know I left this pie on.
Oh. my gosh. Oh. Didn't do much damage.
- [stammers. sighs]
- [Ruth] Okay. [humming]
- [suspenseful music plays]
- [tapping]
[humming continues]
[humming stops]
[Tom sighs]
[sniffs]
[piano playing in distance]
[people cheering in distance]
[people] Eight. seven. six. five.
four. three. two. one.
Happy New Year!
[clamoring. shouting]
[footstep thuds]
[sighs]
[footsteps thudding]
[exhales deeply]
[exhales sharply]
[sighs]
Hello?
I mean. I'm s… [stammers] Who-Who are you?
What are you… What are you doing here?
Uh. what are you doing here?
The innkeeper didn't tell me
anyone else would be here.
Does he usually
announce guests to each other?
Oh. my God.
- I'm William.
- [sighs]
I'm Tom.
You all right?
You seem like you could use a drink.
- Th-There's an honor bar downstairs.
- No. thank you.
I mean. thanks. but. um…
[breathes heavily]
Good night.
[door creaks. closes]
[sighs]
[TV clicks. hums]
[clicks. hums]
[crackles]
- [switches. hums]
- Come with me.
- [light bulb pops]
- [TV crackles]
Fuck!
[William] You okay. neighbor?
The camera is for what?
Oh.
[sighs] You know what?
I c… I can't even get into it.
[groans]
You know. I've been to Widow's Bay before.
For fuck's sake. it was nice
to order a cappuccino for once.
Yes.
Tha… Thank you.
God. [sighs]
Feels good to hear someone say that.
[sighs] So. uh…
So what brings you here this time?
Oh. I work
for a structural engineering firm.
- City hired us to inspect the dock.
- [clicks tongue] Right.
Yeah. For the expansion.
Yeah. Looks like you're expecting
a lot more ferries out here. huh?
Uh. it's the hope.
[chuckles]
Well. that's a lot on your shoulders.
I'm sure your constituents are excited.
Huh.
- No?
- [groans]
They don't make it easy.
Well… [scoffs]
…they must appreciate you some.
- They voted you in as mayor.
- [smacks lips]
I ran uncontested.
That's embarrassing. Tom.
- [chuckles]
[acoustic folk song playing]
[William] All right. Testing my luck.
- [William] Oh! No. No.
- [Tom laughs] Okay. Here we go.
"Uh-oh. Daddy's younger boss
yelled at him today."
- [chuckles] What?
- What?
[chuckles] Now I gotta
go back three spaces.
- All right. You're up. There you go.
- [scoffs] Okay.
"Roll… Roll to see
if the neighbor is home."
- Ooh.
- Come on. neighbor.
Yes! [chuckles]
Saved by the neighbor.
One. Two. Three. Four.
Thanks. man.
- [William chuckles] Here we go. Oh!
- [Tom] Ooh.
- [sighs]
- "Daddy had a bad day.
- Go back six spaces."
- Oh. man. I'm in the basement.
[chuckles]
- I'm getting crushed.
- [chuckles]
[music ends]
[Tom] Yeah. he was a local.
My mom was from the mainland.
They met when she was on a schooner tour.
Uh-huh.
But she certainly
couldn't make it work with him.
So. I grew up in. uh.
I grew up in Massachusetts.
But I-I spent my summers here.
I used to dread those summers.
- [William] Really?
- Yeah.
How bad was he?
I mean…
not the worst guy in the world.
Just a lot of… [sighs]
…walking on egg shells. you know?
Oh. I do. [chuckles]
Didn't talk much once I got older.
Moved back when he got sick.
Met my wife.
Rest is history.
Guy's lucky you came back at all.
Yeah.
You know. just a lot of the times he would
come home after a couple of drinks.
spewing these…
just these ho-horror stories
about the island.
I mean shit I was…
I was way too young to hear.
The guy never should've had a kid.
He called me soft when I was six.
[clicks teeth. inhales deeply]
I always said. you know. the only thing
this island's cursed with is alcoholism.
[chuckles]
You gotta be careful.
They'll drag you down with them
if you let 'em.
Fuckin' useless ass-backwards.
small brained. townie hicks.
Let 'em all rot in hell
and watch 'em all fucking burn.
[chuckles] I may have had
too much to drink.
- [chuckling]
Whew! [chuckles]
Listen. [chuckles]
I know two things to be true.
One. you're a great mayor.
- [Tom scoffs]
- No. no. no. Uh-uh.
I know these things.
And two.
there's no such thing as ghosts.
All right?
There's no… what was it?
- "Harriet Fitzgerald"? [chuckles]
- [chuckles]
- Hortence.
- Well. okay. [chuckles]
No Hortence is going to appear
in your window.
You know. the killer sea captain.
the-the New Year's party…
[chuckling] …the "murder clown." I mean…
Maybe all those things were real
at one point. but they're not anymore.
So…
All right. To bed. [sighs]
[groans] I say.
you finish off their little checklist
and show 'em who's in charge.
[chuckles] Cheers.
Cheers.
[groans. chuckles] Well. probably best.
Okay. All right. [sighs]
Have a good one.
- Night.
[thuds]
[William] I'm good.
[sighs]
[exhales sharply]
[breathing heavily]
[spits]
[groans]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
I am in the crawl space.
[door creaks]
Hello?
[footsteps descending]
William?
[footsteps approaching]
Will-William?
[William] Howdy. neighbor.
Wha… Why-Why didn't you answer me?
[William] Need some help in there?
What? No! N-No.
No. don't… don't… don't come in.
Don't… I'm coming out!
Don't come in! Don't come…
[suspenseful music playing]
[screaming]
Oh. no! [panting]
[whimpers]
[screaming]
- [growling]
- [screaming]
[pants. inhales sharply]
I locked the door myself.
Whoever it was
would've had to have had a key. Tom.
- What… [sighs]
- [door opens]
- He's…
- [door closes]
Oh. uh. did you-did you
see something? You…
Oh. you didn't-you didn't see
anyone in the crawl space. huh?
Uh. well. does my demeanor suggest
that I just engaged with someone
inside a crawl space?
[sighs]
[Kurt] Hold on.
[breathing heavily]
I-I-I don't understand. Now look…
[stammers] …maybe I was… I was…
s-sleepwalking?
I know. Oh. my…
- He said his name was William.
- [door closes]
[Wyck] Willy.
The clown.
That's who you got. huh?
You saw something.
You saw something and
you're still gonna let folks stay here.
- Don't you start with this shit. Wyck.
- No.
- Don't you raise your voice at me.
- Shit. Every cent I have
- I put into this inn!
- I'm telling you this place is a trap!
It's not!
It's perfectly fine.
Then you go in the Captain's Suite.
[Tom] Kurt. just…
just go into the room and show him
there's nothing to be afraid of.
There. See?
[Wyck chuckles] Inside.
- What?
- Go inside and close the door.
We're gonna… we're gonna count to ten.
- [door closes]
- [Bechir] One. two. three. four. five.
- six. seven. eight. nine. ten.
- [door opens]
What the fuck?
I thought we said ten seconds?
Well. that was ten.
How long do you think you were in there?
- Ten seconds.
- Then why don't you go back in for 30?
Can I at least have some food first?
[Bechir] The fuck you need food
for 30 seconds for?
[sighs] Loftis. you know there's
something wrong with this island.
You've seen it with your own two eyes now.
Come on. son.
You're right here with me.
Seeing what I'm seeing.
You can call it off right now.
[softly] No. I can't.
We can.
It's not right to bring anyone here.
you know it.
Island's awake now.
It's dangerous.
All right. [clears throat]
[inhales sharply]
All set?
[Bechir exhales deeply]
What the hell is this?
This black mold?
[Kurt] Mold.
Well. that's it. you-you must
have hallucinated from exposure.
No.
[chuckling] No.
You think you could
get affected that quickly? No.
[Kurt] That can be remediated
in 72 hours. Tom.
And I will still seal up
this suite for good measure.
Loftis.
[intriguing music playing]
[Wyck scoffs. grunts]
[truck door slams]
[engine starts]
How'd it go?
Fine.
[engine starts]
[music continues]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org